4.20 Release notes for Edge Enablement features (#100637)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-20-release-notes.adoc

With this update, the Cluster etcd Operator introduces alert levels for the `etcdDatabaseQuotaLowSpace` alert, offering administrators timely notifications about low etcd quota usage. This proactive alert system aims to prevent API server instability and allows for effective resource management in managed OpenShift clusters. The alert levels are `info`, `warning`, and `critical`, providing a more granular approach to monitoring etcd quota usage, which results in dynamic etcd quota management and improved overall cluster performance.

[id="ocp-4-20-edge-computing-arbiter-node_{context}"]
==== Configuring a local arbiter node

You can configure an {product-title} cluster with two control plane nodes and one local arbiter node so as to retain high availability (HA) while reducing infrastructure costs for your cluster.

A local arbiter node is a lower-cost, co-located machine that participates in control plane quorum decisions. Unlike a standard control plane node, the arbiter node does not run the full set of control plane services. You can use this configuration to maintain HA in your cluster with only two fully provisioned control plane nodes instead of three.

>  For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installing-with-agent-based-installer.adoc#installing-ocp-agent-local-arbiter-node_installing-with-agent-based-installer[Configuring a local arbiter node].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installing-with-agent-based-installer.adoc#installing-ocp-agent-local-arbiter-node_installing-with-agent-based-installer[Configuring a local arbiter node].
```

Reviewer: The leading space is causing this to render as a code block in the preview.

[id="ocp-4-20-edge-computing-two-node-fencing_{context}"]
==== Configuring a two-node OpenShift cluster with fencing (Technology Preview)

> A two-node OpenShift cluster with fencing provides high availability (HA) with a reduced hardware footprint. This configuration is designed for distributed or edge environments where deploying a full three-node control plane cluster is not practical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A two-node {product-title} cluster with fencing provides high availability (HA) with a reduced hardware footprint. This configuration is designed for distributed or edge environments where deploying a full three-node control plane cluster is not practical.
```
